SLEP011 Do not make mandatory TC vote during SLEP vote (#28)
scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals: slep011/proposal.rst

.. _slep_011:

==========================
SLEP011: Governance Change
==========================

:Author: Guillaume Lemaitre
:Status: Draft
:Type: Standards Track
:Created: 2020-01-30

Abstract
########

This SLEP proposes a change in the decision making process. It proposes to not

> always call for a TC vote in case that no consensus is found during the vote of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
always call for a Technical Committee (TC) vote in case that no consensus is found during the vote of
```

> a SLEP. Instead, the TC should be appeal by the SLEP proposer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a SLEP. Instead, the matter goes to the TC if the proposer appeals to the TC.
```

Maybe clearer?

Motivation
##########

Currently, the decision making process included in the governance document

> include the following statement:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
includes the following statement:
```

"[...] If no option can gather two thirds of the votes cast, the decision is
escalated to the TC, which in turn will use consensus seeking with the fallback
option of a simple majority vote if no consensus can be found within a month.
[...]"

It might not be necessary to call for a TC vote if the proposer want to review
the SLEP and make a new proposal.

Solution
########

"[...] If no option can gather two thirds of the votes cast, the decision is

> escalated to the TC **if requested by the SLEP proposer**, which in turn will

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
escalated to the TC **if the SLEP proposer would like the SLEP to be accepted**, which in turn will
```

> escalated to the TC **if the SLEP proposer would like the SLEP to be accepted**, which in turn will

Reviewer 4: Line too long
